Documenting the CI Results Explorer (#11310)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/cicd_testing/ci_results_explorer.md

* Compare test results executed against various devices and browsers to pinpoint cross browser and device issues
* Keep track of the progress of your tests in CI pipelines
* Identify flaky tests that might need to be fixed

{{< img src="synthetics/ci/ci_results_explorer/ci_results_explorer.jpeg" alt="CI Results Explorer"  style="width:100%;">}}

## Exploring batches

The CI Results Explorer displays all batches of tests executed via the [Synthetic CI/CD testing integration][1]. Each batch corresponds to a call to the Datadog API (via the NPM package or directly via the API endpoint) to trigger one or several test executions . 

When clicking on a batch, a side panel containing batch CI metadata as well as batch test results shows up, allowing you to look into all test executions that were performed as part of this batch and pinpoint any test failure. You can then click on any failing test result to be redirected to the detailed test result page and look into the root cause of the issue more thoroughly.

## Search

### Facets and tags

The panel on the left side of the page lists several facets you can use to search through your batches:

> * **Batch** facets allow you to filter on attributes of your batches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Batch** facets allow you to filter on attributes of your batches:
```

| Facet            | Description                                                 |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `Summary Status` | The status of the batch: `Passed`, `Failed`, `In Progress`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Summary Status` | The status of the batch: `Passed`, `Failed`, or `In Progress`. |
```

| `Duration`       | The overall duration of the batch.                          |

> | `ID`             | The id of the batch.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ID`             | The batch ID.                                        |
```

> * **Git** facets allow you to filter on Git related attributes of your batches:

Author: ```suggestion
* **Git** facets allow you to filter on Git-related attributes of your batches:
```

| Facet       | Description                               |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------|
| `Branch`    | The branch associated with the batch.     |
| `Commit SHA`| The commit SHA associated with the batch. |

**CI** facets allow you to filter on CI related attributes of your batches:

| Facet          | Description                                 |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------|
| `CI Provider`  | The CI provider associated with the batch.  |
| `Pipeline URL` | The pipeline URL associated with the batch. |

**Test result** facets allow you to filter on attributes of the test results executed as part of your batches:

| Facet            | Description                                                                                             |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `Execution Rule` | The execution rule associated with the test result of the batch: `Blocking`, `Non Blocking`, `Skipped`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Execution Rule` | The execution rule associated with the test result of the batch: `Blocking`, `Non Blocking`, or `Skipped`. |
```

Author: Resolving that one for now as we probably want to keep things consistent with the format we're using on that page https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/search/#facets-and-tags where there's no OR, don't you think?

| `Fast Retries`   | The number of fast retries associated with the test result of the batch.                                |
| `Location`       | The location associated with the test result of the batch.                                              |

> | `Test ID`        | The test id associated with the test result of the batch.                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Test ID`        | The test ID associated with the test result of the batch.                                               |
```

| `Test Name`      | The test name associated with the test result of the batch.                                             |

> ### Create your query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating your query
```

Author: Same comment as above about keeping the format consistent with https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/search/#create-your-query.

> The query syntax of the CI Results Explorer is the same as the one used to query tests on the **Tests** page. Learn more about how to create queries [here][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query the CI Results Explorer data, use the [same query syntax][2] as on the **Tests** page.
```

* Keep track of the progress of your tests in CI pipelines.
* Identify flaky tests to fix.

{{< img src="synthetics/ci/ci_results_explorer/ci_results_explorer.jpeg" alt="CI Results Explorer"  style="width:100%;">}}

## Exploring batches

The CI Results Explorer displays batches of tests that were run through the [Synthetic CI/CD testing integration][1]. Every batch corresponds to a call to the Datadog API (through the NPM package or directly through the API endpoint) to trigger one or several test executions. 

Click on a batch to open a side panel containing batch CI metadata and batch test results. Explore the test executions performed as part of the batch and pinpoint test failures. Click on a failing test result to see the detailed **Test Result** page and investigate the root cause of the issue.

## Search

### Facets and tags

The panel on the left side of the page lists several facets you can use to search through your batches:

**Batch** facets allow you to filter on attributes of your batches:

| Facet            | Description                                                 |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `Summary Status` | The status of the batch: `Passed`, `Failed`, or `In Progress`. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `Summary Status` | The status of the batch: `Passed`, `Failed`, `In Progress`. |
```
